Copyright (c) 2003 Harry Jackson. All rights reserved.

DATE
15 December 2003

This package is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. 

NAME
Tie::RDBM::Cached Version 0.01 

DESCRIPTION
This module was created in order to speed up operations involving 
repeated updates to the same records in a database. These updates 
will normally be dependant upon each other and must take place
in order.

Tie::RDBM::Cached should support any database supported by Tie::RDBM. 

Please see the pod documentation in the module itself for more
information. This is a very early release of this module and I am 
expecting quite a few bugs.

Feel free to contact me at harry@hjackson.org if you have any problems 
queries or sugestions.

REQUIREMENTS
This module dependa upon Tie::RDBM and DBI. Please read the
documentation from Tie::RDBM as this has more information on ways to use
this module.

INSTALLATION
perl Makefile.PL
make test DRIVER=[Driver] DB=[dbname] USER=user PASS=password
make install

The "make test" is optional.

If you are using Postgres please ensure the following syntax where "test" 
is the name of the database.

make test DRIVER=Pg DB=dbname=test USER=user PASS=password


LIMITATIONS
This module will only add performance gains for quite specific tasks
involving two columns in a table, one of which should be a primary key
or be unique. For inserts and deletes into a database this module will 
have a detrimental affect on performance. Please see the Tie::RDBM 
documentation for more information about this.

If you are required to carry out a lot of updates repeatedly to the same 
record then this module will offer significant performance gains over raw 
DBI calls. Please be aware that the amount of updates must be significant
and the dataset that the operations are to be carried out on
must fall within the size of the cache. I am a fan of DBI, it is a very
good module so make sure you know why you want to use this rather than
the DBI interface.

TROUBLESHOOTING
-If you get an error when using this module and you have tried Tie::RDBM
in its place please send me the code and the error output and I
will try to help you. Please do not send me any errors before testing
the Tie::RDBM module first because this is what I will do.           


The latest version of this module is available on CPAN.

Further Information can be found in the following documentation:

Lincoln D. Stein's Tie::RDBM 
Tim Bunce's DBI:


AUTHOR 
Harry Jackson
http://www.hjackson.org
harry@hjackson.org

This module was written by Harry Jackson based on Lincoln D. 
Steins Tie::RDBM module.


COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2003 Harry Jackson.  All Rights Reserved.
   
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.
